# Armando-Projects

**Name:** LexisNexis Briefing Report<br/>**Project Type:** School - Senior Design Project - Group Project<br/>**Description:** Worked with the company LexisNexis to try and add functionality to their browser-based CRM 'InterAction'; Using their starter kit, we added a feature feature to the front-end display which could be used to generate a meeting report pdf. The report would then be emailed to the user at a specified time before the meeting. My focus was on both the frontend and backend. <br/>**Components:** Javascript, NodeJS, Jade, Java, Node-Cron, NodeMailer, Apollo, Express, GraphQL, Selenium, Jest, Jasmine, GitHub

**Name:** Middle-Man-App<br/>**Project Type:** Personal<br/>**Description:** Through working with a friend, this project was made to test/practice the concept of REST APIs. I created a few classes, using java, that can communicate and share information with eachother through the use of REST APIs.<br/>**Components:** Maven, Spring, Java

**Name:** iTrust2<br/>**Project Type:** School - Software Engineering - Group Project<br/>**Description:** We were given iTrust2 and had to work as a group to add a new feature to the web application: A nutrition log for patients to use to keep track of their diet. Gained experience utilizing branches in Github and how to handle merges while having a live version running on the master branch. Most of my focus was put towards the backend development although I helped with automation for both frontend and backend.<br/>**Components:** Java, Jenkins, Javascript, HTML, Baker, Maven, Selenium, Cucumber

**Name:** PackScheduler<br/>**Project Type:** School - Programming Concepts: Java<br/>**Description:** This is the Lab Project students were responsible for creating during lab sessions throughout the semester during CSC 216. As a Teaching Assistant, it was important for me to reverse engineer the program (as it was updated each semester) in order to effectively lead lab sessions and help students with questions. Reviewed student commits on Github and Jenkins automation for grading. <br/>**Components:** Java, Jenkins, GitHub, Eclipse

**Name:** Postman API Requests<br/>**Project Type:** Work<br/>**Description:** These are API requests I made in Postman for work. These requests were made to test the API endpoints of various softwares and help give me an idea of how to code the requests using javascript in Zapier<br/>**Components:** JSON, Javascript, NodeJS

**Name:** UFCEventBriefing<br/>**Project Type:** Personal<br/>**Description:** Using online resources, I created a webscrapping program in Python. Utilizing Scrapy, I hit/parse the websites Google.com, Sherdog.com, and UFCstats.com. In doing so, I get the upcoming UFC event, get the names of all the fighters on the card, gather the statistics on every fighter, and return a JSON of the stats for all the fighters on the upcoming card. Used tickets to make goals for progress and keep track of development.<br/>**Components:** Scrapy, Splash, XPath, Python, Docker, Anaconda, MySQL
